This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Facts, Figures and Trivia About India
 
Lists of Mind-Blowing Facts
 
Mind-Blowing Facts
 
Facts and Trivia
 
Culture of India
 
Indian Ethnicity and People
 
List Question
 
India
What are some interesting facts about Indian people?
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
35 Answers
 
 
Bharat Sehgal
, Being INDIAN
Answered May 24, 2016
BARBER WHO OWNS ROLLS ROYCE
Ramesh Babu , a common man from Bengaluru who achieved something uncommon from his hard work. People usually consider it as fortune but he earned it through hard work.
Meet Mr. Ramesh who start
ed his career by selling newspapers. His mother used to work as a servant in others house to educate her children.And, today because of his hard work and determination he has earned his status symbol.He owns his own rolls Royce. And what does he do?
He is a Barber.Yes , you are right . He is a Barber. You might think looking at his standard he must charge bomb for the hair Cut. But , no he charge only Rs. 150/- for a hair cut. If you do not believe , whenever go to Bengaluru have a hair cut from him.
He does not only own Rolls Royce but he has a fleet of 378 cars including more than 120 luxury cars. Actually other than Salon business, he owns a car rental business.
He rents out to people the cars and of which brand. You name it BMW, AUDI, MERCEDES, ROLLS ROYCE. You name it, he have it.And do not misunderstand the fact that he owns this from inheritance. This is the result of his hard work.
He started working at the age of 14 selling newspapers and selling milk. After the death of his father, the salon business was run by his 
uncle.at
 the age of 18, he completely took over the salon business. He worked really hard used to get customers late till midnight and again start working from 6 am in the morning.
Actually he was not satisfied from his only salon business. He wanted to do something and become successful. And in order to become successful, even the thinking and passion should be 
high.So
, in 1993 he bought a Maruti Omni on loan for his personal use. But again there is a twist. He do not have enough money to repay for the loan.His mother used to work at Ms. Nandini’s place.And Ms. Nandini one suggestion changed his life. And a common man went on to route of success which he would only have dreamt of. She suggested him to rent his car and then he started doing this car rental business.
In early days, there were no drivers. He used to drive himself. Slowly he was picking the ropes of his business. He wanted to do something different from others. So he came up with the idea of buying a Rolls Royce. He rents it for 50,000 Rs. per day. You might be thinking why the owner of so many luxury cars still run the salon business? Actually , he believes that this is his main business. And he can’t stop this business. Today, he runs a successful car rental business. This is the result of his vision and lot of hard work. And you will find such 
passionate people only in India
.
Mr. Ramesh is still passionate about Cars and want to add one more car to his fleet and it is 
Stretch Limousine
 which is worth Rs. 8 crore.
And indeed he is an inspiration to the young generation. He says always one thing that 
determination and hard work
 are that 
comb and scissors 
of life with which you can style your success.
136.8k
 Views
 · 
5,639 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
What are some 'fun facts' about Indians and Indian Mentality?
What are some of the interesting facts about Indian police?
What are some interesting facts that most people don't know?
What are unknown & interesting facts about Indian currency notes, which most us are not aware of?
What are the cool unknown facts about Narendra Modi that only a few people know about?
 
 
Rachit Jain
, Software Engineer, Gamer, TV Shows addict, living in Chandigarh (India)
Updated Jun 22, 2016
Mahatma Gandhi is not the Father of the nation.
Source : 
Mahatma Gandhi
Indians widely describe Gandhi as the father of the nation (Hindi: राष्ट्रपिता).[11][12] The title "The Father of the Nation" for Gandhi is not an official title and has not been officially accorded by Government of India. An RTI query filed by a 10-year-old girl from Lucknow in February 2012 revealed that PMO has no records of ever according such title to Gandhi. MHA and National Archives of India also communicated of not having any records. Origin of this title is traced back to a radio address (on Singapore radio) on 6 Jul 1944 by Subhash Chandra Bose where Bose addressed Gandhi as "The Father of the Nation". On 28 Apr 1947, Sarojini Naidu during a conference also referred Gandhi as "Father of the Nation".[13][14] The RTI applicant had also pleaded for Gandhi to be officially declared as "Father of the Nation" to which the MHA informed that Gandhi cannot be accorded with the title by Government of India since the Indian constitution does not permit any titles except educational and military titles.
2. Dilip Kumar real name is "Muhammed Yusuf Khan".
Source : 
Dilip Kumar
Dilip Kumar (born Muhammad Yusuf Khan on 11 December 1922)
3.Only 3% of Indians pay income tax.
Source : 
10 things you might not know about India - BBC News
Only 3% of Indians pay income tax, in a population of 1.2bn. One explanation for this is that agriculture is exempt and two-thirds of Indians live in rural areas. A large chunk of the economy is also informal, unorganised labour, for which it's harder to collect taxes. Many argue that some of the country's financial problems would be solved in one fell swoop, if this massive tax hole could be filled.
4.Hockey is not the national game of India
In the year 2012, a 10 year old girl from Lucknow, Aishwarya Parashar, had filed an RTI application to the PMO seeking certified copies of orders related to declaration of National anthem, song, sport, animal, bird, flower and symbol. Her queries were transferred to the Home Ministry which forwarded the query related to National Sport to the Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports. The Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports, in its reply, said the ministry has not declared any sport as the national game of India. The information was sent to Aishwarya by the additional secretary in the Sports Ministry, Shiv Pratap Singh.
5. 
USB was developed by an Indian-American computer architect.
Ajay V. Bhatt 
is the man behind USBs. 
You can also credit him for AGP (Accelerated Graphics Port), PCI Express, Platform Power management architecture and various other chip-set improvements.
6. Indian entrepreneur Vinod Dham is known as the “Father of the Pentium Chip”.
Vinod Dham’s accomplishment as the “Father of Pentium” and as an Indian-American technology pioneer from Silicon Valley, is being celebrated at a first-ever exhibition on South Asians in the National Museum of Natural History at the storied Smithsonian in Washington DC, highlighting Indian-Americans who have helped shape America.
Edit 1: Adding few more points:
7.Hindi is not our “National Language”.
As per Article 343 of the Constitution of India, India's official languages shall be Standard Hindi (the dialect known as khadi boli) written in the Devanagari script, and English.
However, India does not have a national language.
 There is a difference between a national language and an official language. While a national language would have a patriotic and nationalistic identity, an official language is one which is designated for communication at the official level.
8.E-Mail was Developed by an Indian.
Shiva Ayyadurai. VA Shiva Ayyadurai (born December 2, 1963 in Bombay) is an American scientist of 
Indian
 origin. As a high school student in 1979, he developed an electronic version of an interoffice mail system, which he called "EMAIL" and copyrighted in 1982.
Shiva Ayyadurai
Who invented email: Ray Tomlinson or Shiva Ayyadurai?
9.IEEE has proved that wireless communication was first invented by an Indian scientist
Sir J. C. Bose invented the Mercury Coherer (together with the telephone receiver) used by Guglielmo Marconi to receive the radio signal in his first transatlantic radio communication over a distance of 2000 miles from Poldhu, UK to Newfoundland, St. Johns in December 1901. Guglielmo Marconi was celebrated worldwide for this achievement, but the fact that the receiver was invented by Bose was totally concealed.
Jagadish Chandra Bose
the unsung Hero of Radio Communication
10. An Indian physician is known as “Father of Surgery”.
Sushruta
 was an ancient Indian physician, known as 
Father of surgery
.
Sushruta is the most celebrated physician and surgeon in India. Though he practiced during the 5th century B.C., many of his contributions to medicine and surgery preceded similar discoveries in the Western world. Sushruta devotes a complete volume of his experiences to ophthalmologic diseases. In the Uttar Tantrum, Sushruta enumerates a sophisticated classification of eye diseases complete with signs, symptoms, prognosis, and medical/surgical interventions. In particular, Sushruta describes what may have been the first extracapsular cataract surgery using a sharply pointed instrument with a handle fashioned into a trough. His ability to manage many common eye conditions of the time with limited diagnostic aids is a testament to his virtuosity.
Sushruta: the father of Indian surgery and ophthalmology.
94.6k
 Views
 · 
3,371 Upvotes
 
 
Anagha Manoharan
, Cognitive Package Solution Consultant at IBM
Answered Jun 21, 2016
Ever heard of curing alcoholism by chesss?
A person named C.Unnikrishnan, who was then in his teens, successfully transformed the addiction of a whole village from alcohol to chess. And the village is now called as "chess village", with around 100% chess literacy.
And the village even set an Asian record for the highest number of people playing chess at a time when 1,500 villagers played chess at once.
​
Unfortunately I couldn't find C.Unnikrishnan's photo. However, the story goes like this.
​
The people of Marottichal, a little village in the state of Kerala in southern India, were addicted to the cheap brew in 1960s and 1970s, with disastrous consequences for the whole community. Things got so bad at one point that a few villagers actually requested government authorities to raid the village and get rid of some of their liquor stock.
But things began to change when one villager – a 10th grade student named C. Unnikrishnan – decided that he wanted to learn chess. Inspired by a news report about American legend Bobby Fischer, a grandmaster at age 16, Unnikrishnan traveled to a nearby village to attend classes and learn the game himself. And once he got the hang of it, he made it his mission to get everyone in the village hooked.​
​
So he started giving free chess lessons at his house to anyone who was willing to learn, and to his delight, the chess bug spread through Marottichal like wildfire. Not only did they grasp the nuances of the game, they also developed a deep passion for it. Over four decades, he has trained more than 600 people, many of whom have gone on to win statewide chess tournaments.
Unnikrishnan now runs a restaurant in Marottichal, where people are free to come in and play a round of chess any time. He also has a makeshift shed beside his house where chess enthusiasts – between the ages of 8 and 80 – gather to sharpen their skills. Needless to say, liquor is the last thing on their minds.
​
This is the perfect example of "You can be the change you want to see." :)
4.8k
 Views
 · 
129 Upvotes
 
 
Bibin Prasannan
, Physiotherapist Specialized In Orthopaedics And Hand Rehabilitation, Freelance Writer, Freelance Health Blo...
Updated Jun 1, 2016
"True development is not the development of land, or of cows; it is the development of men and women." - Dr Verghese Kurien
Born to a Syrian Christian family in Calicut, Verghese Kurien had his first tryst with milk production in Anand, upon his return from the US after completing a Masters in Mechanical Engineering in the year 1949. Touched by the discouraging state of monopolised milk production at the time, he decided to dedicate his life not only to the empowerment of the farmers producing it, but also to making India world's largest producer of dairy. In 1970, he launched Operation Flood, which culminated in making our country self-sufficient with regards to dairy production, thus bringing in White Revolution.
Kurien's perseverance and innovative ways of improving the dairy industry earned him recognition as the Milkman of India. Here are some facts about him, which will make you appreciate the next tub of ice-cream you hog on at a whole new level!
1. He experimented with ways to produce milk powder from buffalo milk. This culminated in the establishment of India's first ever milk powder plant.
The plant, upon Kurien's request, was inaugurated by Pt Jawaharlal Nehru on October 31st, 1955.
2. The White Revolution started by him led to the development of Mother Dairy.
￼
3. Other important institutions established under his leadership include GCMMF (Gujarat Cooperative Milk Marketing Federation Ltd) and NDDB (National Dairy Development Board).
4. Shyam Benegal's film 'Manthan,' a story set in India's milk cooperative movement, was funded by the farmers working for Dr Kurien.
When Benegal was unable to fund the film, Kurien asked his farmers to contribute 2 rupees each to the film. Later, they all went to watch the film together, relating to not only the story but with a strong sense of pride for contributing to its fruition.
￼
Source: 
Best Crowdfunding Platform & Website in India
5. His passionate speech at a conference in Rome led to many European countries donating milk to kick-off Operation Flood.
He sold this milk in the metropolis to raise money for the establishment of milk corporations across the country.
6. Operation Flood culminated with around 72,000 villages in India producing milk!
This brought India to the forefront in dairy production all over the world.
Source: 
Breaking News, India News, Elections, Bollywood, Cricket, Video, Latest News & Live Updates
7. He received many awards, including the Padamshri (1965) and the Padmabhushan (1966).
8. In recognition of his commendable work, Michigan State University awarded him with an honorary degree in 1965.
￼
Source: 
maguzz.com
9. He authored 'I Too Had A Dream,' an inspiring narrative about the empowerment of farmers and development of milk cooperatives India.
Atul Bhide conceptualised and produced the audio version of the book by the name of 'The Man Who Made The Elephant Dance.' Dr Ratan Tata wrote and narrated the foreword for it, while the famous theatre artist Tom Alter lent his voice for the book.
10. Because of his invaluable contribution to the dairy industry, his birthday, the 26th of November, is now celebrated as National Milk Day.
Source: 
Dr. Kurien | Dr. Kurien
Dr Kurien left for his heavenly abode in 2012.
1k views thank you for your upvotes.
1k to 3k in one day wow you make me humble i promise to give best possible information for your questions.
You may also like
Bibin Prasannan's answer to What are the best fruits for you and why?
Bibin Prasannan's answer to What are some of the best life tips?
5.9k
 Views
 · 
208 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
What are some mind-blowing facts about the Friends TV series?
What are some of the interesting facts about Indian tourism?
What are some amazing facts from India’s ancient history?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian Temples?
What are some interesting facts that every Indian should know about Indian history?
What are some interesting facts that not known to most people?
What are some interesting facts about humans that few people know?
What are some interesting facts about South Indian actors?
What are some lesser known facts about Jammu and Kashmir?
What are some interesting facts about the Indian flag?
Related Questions
What are some 'fun facts' about Indians and Indian Mentality?
What are some of the interesting facts about Indian police?
What are some interesting facts that most people don't know?
What are unknown & interesting facts about Indian currency notes, which most us are not aware of?
What are the cool unknown facts about Narendra Modi that only a few people know about?
What are some mind-blowing facts about the Friends TV series?
What are some of the interesting facts about Indian tourism?
What are some amazing facts from India’s ancient history?
What are some mind-blowing facts about Indian Temples?
What are some interesting facts that every Indian should know about Indian history?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
