This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Photographs
 
Happiness
 
Experiences in Life
 
Photography
 
Emotions
What are the happiest pictures you have seen?
I love this taste.
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
100+ Answers
 
 
Shubham Chaudhary
, I try to capture a few amazing moments.
Updated Oct 31, 2016
This is my first A2A, thank you for asking :)
The Photo-bombing squirrel..
Melissa Brandts and her husband Jackson took the squirrel photo in 2009, and submitted it to the survey commissioned by Coca-Cola for their #choosehappiness campaign.
"What do you think of this photo? Did it make you smile?"
Of course it did – well science tells us so.
That’s right, the ‘happiest photo in the world’ has been found via a poll, and a psychologist can explain exactly what about this photo will make an estimated 71 per cent of people who look at it smile.
Why is the Photo-bombing squirrel the happiest picture ever?
All smiles 
– The two people smiling in the background of the image automatically make us happy.
Cute things
 – We are predisposed to be drawn towards small animals and things with baby-like features (in this case, a curious looking squirrel).
Setting the scene
 – Just look at that scenery; rolling hills and beautiful still water. Scientists believe we have evolved to feel safe and secure when we see places like this because they are un-threatening.
Surprise!
 – The unexpected appearance of this little guys instantly resonates with our humour, shocking us into laughter.
The Other Contenders of the poll to find the world's happiest photograph threw up suggestions of babies,cats, dogs & a quokka - but according to research with 2,000 adults, it's the photobombing squirrel which has come out on top.
Baby love: Other smile-inducing images making the top 10 included a gorgeous grinning baby in a pink hat.
Beaming grin: With its big smile, the quokka, here at Australia's Rottnest Island, was a winner in the happy stakes.
No fighting: The proverbial enemies - cats and dogs - united in harmony make us smile.
A dog's life: A smiling dog sleeping on the grass shows us the simple pleasures in life.
Dr Moore observes: “The research results are fascinating as they suggest we are very influenced by our instincts and that deep-rooted systems still play a significant role in how we react emotionally to things around us.
For few more Happy Pics: 
The 30 Happiest Animals In The World That Will 
Make You Smile
Thank You Quora.
131.8k
 Views
 · 
1,391 Upvotes
 · 
Answer requested by 1 person
Related Questions
More Answers Below
Which is the cutest picture you've ever seen?
What is the most inspirational picture that you have ever seen on Facebook?
What are some of your happiest moments in pictures?
What's the best picture you have ever seen?
What is the saddest picture that has been seen today?
 
 
Gauri Saju
, We keep this love in a photograph!
Answered Aug 3, 2016
Adam Mc Pheron, Petty Officer First Class reunites with family after months of separation.
Full story:
Riley Bolt, 8, Savannah Bolt, 10, and Spike Bolt, 5, were among roughly 400 other students who lined the sidewalk Thursday outside Barron Fundamental Elementary School in Hampton. The students stood waving small American flags and chanting "U-S-A, U-S-A," waiting for what they thought was going to be a military parade.
Instead of a parade of many, however, a lone figure dressed in a sailor's uniform turned the corner and walked down the long driveway of the school.
Spike, clad in miniature blue fatigues, looked bewildered when he got a good look at the sailor, who he hadn't seen since 8 months — his father, Petty Officer First Class Adam McPheron.
Spike turned and mouthed "It's my dad" to his teacher and classmates before running down the drive to meet McPheron.
Riley, also in fatigues, followed close behind. Savannah, tears streaming down her cheeks, threw herself into her father's arms. McPheron swept up each of his children, one after the other, and hugged them tight.
McPheron had been deployed on the USS Kearsarge, which returned to Hampton Roads Thursday morning from an eight-month deployment to the Persian Gulf, along with the USS San Antonio and USS Carter Hall.
The kids said they knew their dad was coming home, but none expected to see him show up in such grand fashion. McPheron's girlfriend, Heather Sinks, had organized the event, keeping it a secret from him and the children. "It was really hard," Sinks said of trying to keep the secret. "There was a lot of code-talking."
Even Sinks was surprised by the scale of the homecoming as she walked up the driveway with McPheron. She said she hadn't realized that every student at the school would be out front to greet them.
Perhaps most surprised was McPheron himself, who wore a broad grin throughout the reunion. He thought he was coming to quietly pick up his children after school.
"I had no clue," McPheron said of the grand homecoming — but he wasn't complaining.
"It feels really good to be home," he said, holding his children tight for the first time since March.
Source: 
Sailor surprises children at Hampton school after 8-month deployment
The people of Mexico were lined up along the streets to see the Pope. This little guy thought otherwise.
Dad, you are my superhero, even without that cape!
Aww… Cuteness overloaded!!
Source: 
What are the happiest pictures ever seen?
17.7k
 Views
 · 
145 Upvotes
 
 
Daniel Vianna
, Atheist Christian surrounded by Arabic speaking Christians. History buff.
Answered Jun 30, 2016
My current favourite pictures are those depicting Suzanne and 
Taha Hussein
. I don't know where to start with these guys. Taha became blind at 5 years old, due to an incompetent doctor. He was from a lower middle class Egyptian family. Nevertheless he managed to follow the traditional religious educational path available to him, and ended up in the prestigious 
Al-Azhar University
. Once there, he studied pre-Islamic poetry and shocked the establishment by finding it to be forged by later Islamic scholars, so that the Holy Koran would look good in comparison.
He went on to get a scholarship to study in the newly established Cairo University, and went to study in France during the First World War. There he met Suzanne, who was a refugee from German-occupied Borguignon. Her family offered a room to him after learning that his brother did not look after him as he should have. She took a liking of reading to Taha, and they eventually married, a French Catholic girl to a blind Egyptian Muslim.
He went back to Egypt to a bright career that included becoming one of the most famous Arabic writers. As Minister of Knowledge he pushed towards free universal education in Egypt: “Education is like the air we breathe and the water we drink.” Up until his death, he relied on Suzanne for reading. Her memoirs are a celebration of their happy life together.
43.8k
 Views
 · 
545 Upvotes
 
 
Anirban De
, Human nature, magical emotions, mood swinging food and interactions with people
Answered Jul 5, 2016
A picture speaks a thousand words. It has an enormous power to spellbound us and induce strong emotions.
Its my first answer on Quora (although I have been following it for quite a while). Hope you folks like it.
I will show here the pictures which make me happy. So, here I go with some of my favorites:
A truly mesmerizing story involving a woman, a horse, and a group of dedicated rescuers on a beach in Australia which would lit up any face with a smile.
Race against the tide: Bravery of young mother who stayed by her horse's side for THREE HOURS after getting trapped in mud 'like quicksand'
The Indian acid attack victim- braveheart Mrs. Lakshmi Saa who defied all odds to live a happy and dignified life.
If anybody is interested in her story, 
'Women must stop feeling guilty'
. In short, the coward offender threw acid on her face as his proposal for marriage was rejected by her. Then, this girl fought all social stigmas, opened “Sheroes Hangout” with the help of some other acid attack survivors, became the face of apparel brand “Viva n Diva” campaign and got a great life partner.
Now, whoever sees this powerful picture of her with her husband and daughter Pihu, he/she will be quite 
happy
 I guess. Whenever I feel let down over some failures in life, I look up to these kind of pictures and I don’t need to tell how energised I feel within :)
A child's laughter could simply be one of the most beautiful sounds in the world.
Its me in the picture with a German kid. I remember that when his mother was taking the picture, she shouted something in German language (which I don’t know) and the child soon after burst into loud laughter by looking at a lake nearby. And the most amazing thing was the cute sound of the laughter. Her mother knows best in the whole world how to change the mood of her child to an extremely happy one instantly and that is simply 
magical
.
There is no love sincerer than the love of food 
- Anonymous.
This pictures of 
Indian
 
egg chicken Biriyani 
along with the side dishes above
 
take me to a different land (heaven might be a better word :P) and makes me immensely happy. I miss them more now since I am living in a far away place due to my studies and I don’t get the exact tasty food there. If someone asks me to dance and sing in the middle of the road semi-naked in order to get unlimited access to this kind of delicious spicy foods, I would happily do so.
Common Foods in India that Unite Our Diverse Tastes - Always Foodie
 
The Scientific Explanation Behind What Makes Indian Food Delicious
Thanks for keeping your eyes busy for the few minutes of reading and feel free to suggest me any correction, if any.
Happiness to all :) :)
61.3k
 Views
 · 
453 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
What are some best "Jugaad" pictures or ideas, you have ever seen/heard?
What is the best picture of a car you have seen?
What is your happiest memory?
What are some of the coolest pictures you have ever seen?
What are the most happiest pictures?
What is one sentence that changed your life?
What's the most American picture you've ever seen?
Is there a picture of all of Dubai as seen from above that is available?
What are the most ironic photos and images ever?
What are the ugliest pictures you have ever seen?
Related Questions
Which is the cutest picture you've ever seen?
What is the most inspirational picture that you have ever seen on Facebook?
What are some of your happiest moments in pictures?
What's the best picture you have ever seen?
What is the saddest picture that has been seen today?
What are some best "Jugaad" pictures or ideas, you have ever seen/heard?
What is the best picture of a car you have seen?
What is your happiest memory?
What are some of the coolest pictures you have ever seen?
What are the most happiest pictures?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
