This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Fame and Mass Popularity
Who is the most accidentally famous person ever?
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
100+ Answers
 
 
Richin Jose
, The highest result of education is tolerance
Answered Apr 21, 2016
Matt Harding
Where the Hell is Matt?
 is an Internet phenomenon that features a video of Dancing Matt (Matt Harding) doing a dance "jig" in many different places around the world in 2005. The video garnered popularity on the video sharing site YouTube. There are now five major videos plus two outtakes and several background videos on YouTube. Matt dances alone in the first videos. In 2008 others join with him doing the dance "jig"; in 2010 he does the Diski Dance in South Africa. In 2012 he works with other dancers, sometimes using a local dance or another dance step.
While working in Australia for Activision on the project All Humans Must Die, Harding claimed that: "My life had become this rhythmic migration from bubble to bubble. You wake up in your apartment bubble, you get in your car bubble, you go to your work bubble, you get in your car, and then you go to you know, whatever, the outdoor shopping plaza bubble, back in your car bubble, back in your apartment bubble. There wasn’t a lot of exposure to the outside world … it’s really insulating." Quitting his job he traveled the world from 2003 to 2004, known by his friends for a particular dance, and while video recording each other in Vietnam in May 2003, his travel companions suggested he add the dance. 
Where the Hell is Matt?
Dave Carroll
"United Breaks Guitars"
 is a trio of protest songs by Canadian musician Dave Carroll and his band, Sons of Maxwell. It chronicles a real-life experience of how his guitar was broken during a trip on United Airlines in 2008, and the subsequent reaction from the airline. The song became an immediate YouTube and iTunes hit upon its release in July 2009 and a public relations embarrassment for the airline.
Musician Dave Carroll said his guitar was broken while in United Airlines' custody. He alleged that he heard a fellow passenger exclaim that baggage handlers on the tarmac at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport were throwing guitars during a layover on his flight from Halifax Stanfield International Airport to Omaha, Nebraska's Eppley Airfield. He arrived at his destination to discover that his $3,500 Taylor guitar was severely damaged. Fox News questioned Carroll on why he checked the valuable guitar and Carroll explained that it is difficult to bring guitars onto flights as carry-on luggage. In his song, he sang that he "alerted three employees who showed complete indifference towards me" when he raised the matter in Chicago. Carroll filed a claim with United Airlines which informed him that he was ineligible for compensation because he had failed to make the claim within its stipulated "standard 24-hour timeframe". 
United Breaks Guitars
29.7k
 Views
 · 
42 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
Have you ever worked with a famous person?
Who is currently the most famous person alive? Who is in the top 10?
Who is the most famous unknown person?
Did you ever think that you are a famous person?
Who is the most (in)famous person who has ever lived?
Quora User
, Not a celebrity
Updated Mar 11
Ted Williams. The man with a ‘Golden Voice’ is a voice-over artist and an American Radio Host.
One cold morning in January 2011, Ted Williams stood at an intersection in Columbus, Ohio with his belongings and a handwritten sign board.
The former radio announcer was trying to get back his life back together but didn’t know where to start after it was ruined by drug abuse and heavy drinking. Williams' dream of getting off the streets unexpectedly came true when a Columbus Dispatch reporter noticed his sign, which pleaded for help and boasted about Williams' "God given gift of voice."
Columbus Dispatch posted a video of Williams' stunning baritone voice which went viral overnight.
What a cool voice!!!
Later, he received numerous job offers from MSNBC, Quicken loans and Cleveland Cavaliers to name a few. He voiced many famous commerials including Kraft Macaroni & Cheese, he has been the voice of Kraft foods since 2011 and Pepsi commercials with the famous "We put the AHHH in cola" tagline.
The man now wants to give back to less fortunate community to which he once belonged to. Williams hopes to eventually open a laundromat where volunteers will wash and dry the clothes of the homeless, for them to have a better chance to getting back at work.
Williams landed a $300,000 book deal — "A Golden Voice: How Faith, Hard Work, and Humility Brought Me from the Streets to Salvation" which came out in May 2012 An year ago, Pepsi debuted a 
new ad
 voiced by Williams, which was quite popular and also aired during the Super Bowl.
Today, Williams gives motivational speeches all around the country.
"I'm having the time of my life," he says. He is also the founder of a non-profit organization, ‘Ted Williams Project’, which serves the homeless. He hopes to work for Disney-Pixar one day.
The man with the ‘Golden Voice’ shake named after him.
With his book
19.4k
 Views
 · 
333 Upvotes
 
 
Shantanu Yadav
, Sword of the late afternoon
Answered Apr 20, 2016
It wasn't technically an accident, but the most unintentionally famous person must be 
Spencer Elden. 
Doesn't ring a bell, does it? Now check out the picture below.
Spencer is the kid on the cover of Nirvana's ground-breaking album Nevermind, one of the highest selling albums of all time. The album had sold 2 million copies by the time he turned 1, and has sold about 25 million more since.
Yes, he's the infant with his pee-pee hanging out, chasing an elusive dollar bill. I'm certain almost everyone on the internet has seen this image (and his pee-pee) somewhere, irrespective of they listen to grunge music or not.
Spencer is the most inadvertent celebrity, and still fairly unrecognised given that he doesn't resemble his past self any more. And, he has been the subject of a lot of fanfare and, rightly so, a lot parodies and leg-pulling.
Like this Simpsons one, featured on the Rolling Stone cover:
And this 'Family Guy' one, by a visitor on amiright.com:
He looks a lot different now, but he has amply minted his early fame, like being chatted up by girls, according to 
his interview with The Guardian
.
Here's him now:
Lucky bastard!
43.2k
 Views
 · 
333 Upvotes
 
 
Shafique Gajdhar
, Goes without mentioning
Answered May 1, 2016
If you are on Twitter, you must have come across this guy who became an overnight social media sensation after a tweet went viral. 
Alex from Target:
So a Twitter user put a picture of this cute guy handling billing at Target. And the internet went crazy with memes, jokes and what not's. 
Alex on his 
Twitter handle
 now has 760K Followers. 
Fat Man Dancing: 
Unlike undertaker, dead man walking here's a fat man who was fat shamed by a group of people in pub. The guy was caught shaking a leg, a bunch of people found it amusing, so they clicked him and put his pic on the internet. The fat guy got obviously embarrassed. 
Later few good people started the search to find the guy and threw a party inviting him to show his moves. Tweeps are so cool, they retweeted the pic and eventually found him. 
Accidentally famous.  
46k
 Views
 · 
367 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
Who's the most ridiculously good looking person you’ve ever met?
How do I become the most famous person ever to live?
Who is the most famous "non-famous" person ever to have lived?
Have you ever had a dream in which you were with a famous person?
Who is the most famous person to have a Quora account?
Who is the most famous person with the name Chris?
Have you ever met or spoken to a famous person? What were they like?
Who is the most famous person you have met, and where?
Is elvis the most famous personality ever?
Is Kanye West the most famous person in the world?
Related Questions
Have you ever worked with a famous person?
Who is currently the most famous person alive? Who is in the top 10?
Who is the most famous unknown person?
Did you ever think that you are a famous person?
Who is the most (in)famous person who has ever lived?
Who's the most ridiculously good looking person you’ve ever met?
How do I become the most famous person ever to live?
Who is the most famous "non-famous" person ever to have lived?
Have you ever had a dream in which you were with a famous person?
Who is the most famous person to have a Quora account?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
