This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Motivational Stories
 
Motivational Speakers
 
Inspirational Quotes
 
Inspiration
What is the best motivational line said by someone?
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
100+ Answers
 
 
 
Gary Vaynerchuk
, Family 1st then...Entrepreneur, Investor, Best-Selling Author, Jets Fan, Speaker
Answered Jun 27, 2016
The most motivational statement comes down to three words: “You’re gonna die." I’m not trying to scare you--I’m being practical. You get one life and one chance to make yourself happy. Instead of sitting and complaining about not pursuing the things you want in life, do something about it.
Too many people focus on other people’s happiness when they should be focusing on their own. Do you know why I like making other people happy and motivating them to succeed? Because I’m already happy. It might sound selfish, but the first person you need to make happy is you. (Then you can make other people happy.)
I implore you to be honest with yourself and ask if the things you are doing will put you in a position to succeed. Not just in the business world, but in life. When you’re happy in life, you realize that how you make your money is much more important than how much you make.
In my early 20s, I spent an enormous amount of time surrounding myself with people in their 90s. Whether I met them while traveling or working in the wine industry, I would ask each one of them to tell me about their life. They all started with these two words: “I wish.” Some wished that they had worked harder, some wished that they spent more time with loved ones, and some wished that they did what they wanted to instead of listening to their parents. They wished, they wished, they wished.
If there’s one thing I learned hanging out with these old-timers, it’s this: There’s no better time to act than now.
If you’re in your early 20s, this is your moment. This is not the time to try to be practical and maximize your money so you can buy something flashy like a fancy car right out of school. This is the time to realize that you have a five-year window (give or take) for you to attack the life that you want to win. Travel with buddies and experience the world, start a band to hone your talents, or start networking while you’re still living in an apartment with eight other people. Since most of you have no major life commitments, this is the time to take the chance on the life you want.
Even if you’re in your 40s, 50s, 60s, or older, there’s still time to make yourself happy. If you want it that badly, you can get it. Instead of retiring and taking up golf, maybe it’s time to triple down and really focus on what you want. We live in a world today where there is so much opportunity available to us, especially with the Internet. It gives us access to more ways to pursue the things that we care about the most.
Bottom line: We are all going to die someday. No matter your age, you have the time to make yourself happy. We’ve never had more opportunities open to us than now to create the life we want.
I was compelled to write this post because it’s a reaction to what I’ve been observing over the past couple of years. There’s this tendency people have to pass over opportunities when they think they can just “come back to it later.” People are living their lives like they have unlimited time. We all know that’s not true.
If I can just get one person to change their behavior, have that one conversation, or take that one chance, I’ll be glad I wrote this. Because at the end of the day, we’ve only got one at bat.
“You’re gonna die” should motivate you every morning to get out there and get what you want done. You get one life--one chance. The biggest poison we encounter as humans is regret, so stop making excuses and start making yourself happy.
Watch this video below to see how I said it in person:
20.5k
 Views
 · 
266 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
What are the best motivational pictures?
What is the best motivating line that has kept you driven to this day?
What are the best motivational quotes for students?
What are some of the most inspiring lines told by you to motivate and inspire someone?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
 
 
Gaurav Munjal
, Co-Founder & CEO at Unacademy
Answered Nov 26, 2015
From Elon Musk's Book
He said he looks at 2 things before embarking on anything. 1) Can it be done? (That by doing it we are not breaking any laws of physics) 2) Is it important? Is it important enough for humanity that it would make a major dent. If the answers to both the questions is "Yes" then he goes ahead with it. Simple. I was floored!
From somewhere on the internet
Example:
All I need is 20 seconds of insane courage, to put on my running shoes.
All I need is 20 seconds of insane courage, to make that phone call to potential customers.
All I need is 20 seconds of insane courage, to ask for a date.
20 seconds, never been easier for me.
And...
Don't give them the satisfaction.
Don't react.
Don't stoop to their level.
Living well is the best revenge.
And...
There is an expiry date on blaming your parents for steering you in the wrong direction; the moment you are old enough to take the wheel, responsibility lies with you. — J K Rowling
20.1k
 Views
 · 
586 Upvotes
 
 
Phani Raj
, works at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research
Answered Apr 6, 2015
Never give up
Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. 
Talent will not. Nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent.
Genius will not. Unrewarded genius is almost a proverb.
Education will not. The world is full of educated derelicts.
Persistence 
and 
determination 
alone are omnipotent 
--Calvin Coolidge.
22.8k
 Views
 · 
748 Upvotes
 
 
Sreeman Gupta
, ambivert
Updated Sep 5, 2015
This one from Twitter Co-founder 
Jack Dorsey (business person)
 
on Startup's is truly a motivational one !
Every one has an idea. But it' really about executing the idea and attracting other people to help you work on the idea.
                                                                                - Jack Dorsey
Another one by Chairman of Wipro company 
Azim Premji
 on goals of an individual.
If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small.
                                                                                     - Azim Premji
8.3k
 Views
 · 
95 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
What is the best thing your father has said to you, which keeps you motivated?
Which are the best motivational books?
Someone here said that there is no such thing as lazy people, there are only people lacking motivation. How do I get that "motivation/inspirat...
What is the best motivational speech ever?
What are the best motivating stories after breakup?
What's the most motivating one-liner ever?
What are list of best motivational books?
Who is the best motivational speaker?
What are the best motivational songs in English?
Which is the most inspiring Hindi poem you have come across?
Related Questions
What are the best motivational pictures?
What is the best motivating line that has kept you driven to this day?
What are the best motivational quotes for students?
What are some of the most inspiring lines told by you to motivate and inspire someone?
Which are the best 10 motivational movies?
What is the best thing your father has said to you, which keeps you motivated?
Which are the best motivational books?
Someone here said that there is no such thing as lazy people, there are only people lacking motivation. How do I get that "motivation/inspirat...
What is the best motivational speech ever?
What are the best motivating stories after breakup?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
