This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Quora
What are amazing facts about Quora?
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
100+ Answers
 
 
Michal Danilák
, works at Monitora
Updated Jun 18, 2015
 · 
Upvoted by 
 
Alexandr Wang
, 
works at Quora
If you follow someone, you have ~1/20 chance he will follow you back.
Check out this profile: 
Jan Vajda
He has no answers, no posts, he is no celebrity, but has 1718 followers. How did he get them?
By following more than 30,000 people!
79.8k
 Views
 · 
4,882 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
What are the A-Z facts about Quora?
What are some cool and lesser-known facts about Quora?
Why is the Quora community so anti-Donald Trump?
What is the most inspiring fact about Quora?
What are some of the interesting facts about Quora?
 
 
Nidhi Singh
, Social Media Expert & Founder of International Hub for Commerce Professionals
Updated Jul 27, 2016
Every day this happens on Quora:
Somebody gets some life-changing advice.
Somebody gets inspired by people's real-life stories.
Somebody gets professional insights.
Somebody leaves Facebook and joins Quora.
Somebody gets some real nice friends.
Somebody becomes Someone.
167.4k
 Views
 · 
13,120 Upvotes
 
 
Abhishek Keshri
, Intern at Belzabar Software (2017-present)
Answered Jun 20
The First question Asked on Quora
The first question asked on Quora was on 5th October 2009 and the question was 
“Who are all of the Quora employees?. ”
What does the term 
Revision #442 
mean?
It probably signifies that Quora was probably operating on test mode during Revisions 1 through 440. The revision #442 saw addition of the first ever question.
The First Topic Added on Quora
Revision #441 was the addition of the topic 
Python (programming language)
. Hence, first current topic was added before the first question.
The First Five Questions asked on Quora
The second question asked on Quora was 
“How can I find office space for a startup in Downtown Palo Alto?”
The third question asked on Quora was 
“Is it possible to run multiple instances of Firefox at once on the same computer?”
The fourth question asked on Quora was
 “What’s the best mid-sized company to work for in Silicon Valley?”
The fifth question asked on Quora was
 “What are the most important qualities that I should look for in a web designer?”
Other Facts
The company was founded on June 2009, and the website was made available to the public on June 21, 2010.
Quora was co-founded by two former Facebook employees, Adam D’Angelo and Charlie Cheever.
Adam D’Angelo, said that he and Cheever were inspired to create Quora because “we thought that Q & A is one of those areas on the internet where there are a lot of sites, but no one had come along and built something that was really good yet.
In August 2016 Quora announces the support for the Spanish language, till it was available in English only.
The Most Upvoted Answers
Here are the links to the two most upvoted answers I have found till date
82.7K - 
Adam August's answer to What is the most soul-satisfying thing you have ever done in your life?
79.9K
 - 
Katerina Simms' answer to What are the weirdest things flight attendants have seen in their line of duty?
Sources -
Know the first question asked and other interesting facts about Quora
Gopalkrishna Vishwanath's answer to What is the most upvoted answer to a question?
Edit 
- I just noticed that today is 21 June too. Anniversary time! It has been seven years, awesome journey.
Edit 2 (21/06/2017) -
Added 
The Most Upvoted Answers
10.8k
 Views
 · 
540 Upvotes
 
 
Thakur Digvijay Singh
, Live, Love And Laugh <3
Updated Apr 2, 2016
They say “
when in doubt, simply 
Google
 it out
.
” After all Google have answers to almost everything. However, there are certain questions which Google might not give you straight answers, and that’s when you can simply hit 
Quora 
to get all your answers. 
Yes, when in great doubt, simply Quora it out
. After all, it is a perfect place for clarifying all your doubts and even seeking that extra knowledge and expertise from the experts and the best in the industry.
​
Source
 – Chris Messina
Well, while Quora is really becoming popular day by day, here we give you some of the interesting as well as mind blowing facts about this question and answer website.
The Name Quora Comes From the Word Quorum
Many of the people believe that “Quora” is simply named by taking the Prefix “
Qu
” of Question and “
a
” of Answer which is joined by 
“or”.
 According to this belief, the Question and Answer website got its name by this format. Now that’s an interesting as well as intelligent name, isn’t it?
​
Source
 – Thomas Hawk
However, as per the founders of the website – 
Charlie Cheever
.and 
Adam D’Angelo
, the website got its name from the word “Quorum” which means a group of people coming together for discussion and reaching in a general agreement. In addition, the co-founders in an interview to the 
VentureBeat
, mentioned that Quora was in rhyme with Flora which means being healthy and active.
The Founders Adam D’Angelo and Charlie Cheever Are Ex – Facebook Employees
CEO Adam D’Angelo was CTO (Chief Technology Officer) at Facebook and also VP (Vice President of Engineering). However, he quit his job to start the platform along with his co-founder Charlier Cheever who was also one of the early FB employees. In addition, Adam and Mark Zuckerberg are friends right from the school days.
​
Adam D’Angelo with Steven Levy – 
Source
 – Philip Neustrom
Mark Zuckerberg Acquired Nextstop, After Quora Users Suggested Him to Do So
Don’t be surprised when I tell you Mark Zuckerberg used this Question and Answer website to ask people – 
What startups would be good acquisitions for Facebook
? And soon, the founder of the Facebook went on to buy NextStop, one of the startups suggested to him on the platform.
​
Source
 – 
Brian Solis
Even Barack Obama Uses Quora and Answers Questions
Not just the Silicon Valley, the Q&A website even has users living in the White House, Yes, 
Barack Obama
 has a profile on Quora. He has answered three questions and 13 edits till yet. All his answers have more than  1,676,113 views till now. He has 68.1k followers as I write.
​
Source – Snapshot from 
http://Quora.com
Not Just Question And Answers, You Can Also Blog Here..
At 
QuoraBlogs
 you can make your own blog and feed contents there. It is quite helpful for people those who do not have enough Twitter or Facebook followers, and want to get good number of audience without much marketing and efforts. What’s more you can create as many blogs as you wish to create. It is both PC and mobile friendly.
​
Source – Snapshot
Quora Will Soon Start Ads for Monetization
Ever since Quora was started in 2009 and then launched in 2010, it has been funded but not monetized. Even, at present, the company is funded with no monetization. Quora will earn from selling important data in future. Right now it is based on 0% revenue 
model.It
 is expected to come up with ads. This means, soon we will witness ads on the Quora website.
Jimmy Wales the Founder of Wikipedia is Quora’s One of the Top Writers With 650 Answers
Jimmy Wales is a small investor, and is also an advisor to the website. He has 1 blog with two posts. It seems the founder of Wikipedia writes more on Quora than Wikipedia as we see he has 834 answers to his credit and 2100 edits. He has 184.4k followers.
​
Source – Snapshot from 
http://Quora.com
The Traffic to Quora Is More From India then the United States
This is what I see on 
Alexa
 when I take a snapshot of the website. 
​
Snapshot from 
Actionable Analytics for the Web
​
Snapshot From 
Actionable Analytics for the Web
Ranked 19 in India, the website has more traffic from India than its country of origin.
10.4k
 Views
 · 
352 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
Can you tell me some facts about Quora?
What are some curios facts about Quora?
Are you amazed at the bad writing of some Quora answers?
What is the most interesting fact about Quora?
How was the amazing Quora invented?
Why do some people ask questions on Quora that could easily be answered by using a search engine?
Which is the most amazing question and answer you have found on Quora?
What has been your most amazing experience here on Quora?
Is Quora based on less facts?
What are some facts and stats about Quora?
Related Questions
What are the A-Z facts about Quora?
What are some cool and lesser-known facts about Quora?
Why is the Quora community so anti-Donald Trump?
What is the most inspiring fact about Quora?
What are some of the interesting facts about Quora?
Can you tell me some facts about Quora?
What are some curios facts about Quora?
Are you amazed at the bad writing of some Quora answers?
What is the most interesting fact about Quora?
How was the amazing Quora invented?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
