This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Steve Jobs
 
Facts and Trivia
 
Apple (company)
 
List Question
What are some mind-blowing facts about Steve Jobs?
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
63 Answers
 
 
Steve Ondich
, Maybe Steve Jobs wasn't so different than us
Answered Sep 17, 2016
 · 
Upvoted by 
 
David Graham
, 
worked at Apple
 and 
 
Maya R. Odinezenko
, 
former Mac Genius at Apple (2008-2012)
I didn’t see these listed anywhere so…
He felt 
excessive use of technology by children was a bad thing
. He put limitations on how much time his own kids could use their devices. Biographer Walter Isaacson observed "Every evening Steve made a point of having dinner at the big long table in their kitchen, discussing books and history and a variety of things. No one ever pulled out an iPad or a computer," he said. "The kids did not seems addicted at all to devices."
Given his obsession with style and aesthetics you might assume his own home office would be a bastion of technology and organization. You would be wrong. It was unremarkable, mundane and disorganized. Is this the refuge of a retired literature professor or the creative genius behind Apple? The billionaire in the picture is the only tell-tale clue.
143.4k
 Views
 · 
2,221 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
How hard did Steve Jobs work?
How did Ashton Kutcher prepare for his role as Steve Jobs in the movie Jobs (2013)?
What's so great about Steve Jobs?
What are some amazing facts about Apple?
What are some interesting facts about Steve Jobs?
 
 
Mayank Madhav
, For an Apple call the doctor and donate a kidney
Answered Oct 6, 2016
 · 
Upvoted by 
 
Alicia Shelton
, 
Senior Technical Support iOS MacOS at Apple
We all know that the last words of Mahatma Gandhi were “Hey Ram”
But do we know what were the final words of steve jobs ?
His sister once revealed this in an interview given to 
The New York Times .
Jobs once described death as the 
"very likely the single best invention of life”.
Lying on the bed of death,he called upon his sister and she describes this moment as :-
"His tone was affectionate, dear, loving, but like someone whose luggage was already strapped onto the vehicle, who was already on the beginning of his journey, even as he was sorry, truly deeply sorry, to be leaving us"
Finally while leaving to abode he said:-
“Oh wow.Oh wow.Oh wow.”
Source:
Steve Jobs's last words: 'Oh wow. Oh wow. Oh wow'
62k
 Views
 · 
1,829 Upvotes
Promoted by UpGrad.com
PG Certificate in Digital Marketing from MICA.
Best digital marketing program. Learn from the best in academia through real cases and live campaigns.
Apply Now at upgrad.com
 
 
Nishad Shah
, IIT Bombay '15 | IIM Ahmedabad '17 | BCG | Deft Dilettante.
Answered May 28
A lot has been said about Steve Jobs’ persuasion skills. But do you know why they were so effective? 
Walking 
and 
RDF
.
Yes, Steve Jobs was a fan of walking. The most important conversations he had about Apple and Pixar were over walks, mostly in his garden that his wife, Laurene Powell, liked maintaining.
In fact, his famous conversation to Sculley - 
“Do you want to sell soda water for the rest of your life?…” 
was over one such walk. So was his conversation about coming back to Apple. His biography (Jobs by Walter Isaacson) clearly quotes Steve believing that he was much more effective and persuasive when he walked. Perhaps, that’s when his ‘
reality distortion field
’ was most active.
You don’t what reality distortion field (RDF) is? Oh, that’s the content of his persuasive skills.
The RDF was said by Andy Hertzfeld to be Steve Jobs's ability to convince himself and others to believe almost anything with a mix of charm, charisma, bravado, hyperbole, marketing, appeasement and persistence. RDF was said to distort an audience's sense of proportion and scales of difficulties and made them believe that the task at hand was possible. Jobs could also use the RDF to appropriate other's ideas as his own, sometimes proposing an idea to its originator after dismissing it the week before.
So, 
RDF was the content and walking was the style, that made Steve Jobs such a terrific convincer.
2.5k
 Views
 · 
44 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
What are some of the least known facts about Bill Gates or Steve Jobs?
What are facts about Steve Jobs?
What was Steve Jobs wrong about?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
Has Samsung, as Steve Jobs once famously stated, "slavishly copied" Apple?
What's it like to meet Steve Jobs?
What was Steve Jobs really like?
What are some mind-blowing facts about entrepreneurs like Steve Jobs and many others?
What are the facts one should know about the Bill Gates - Steve jobs rivalry?
What are some facts about Steve Jobs which most people don't know?
Related Questions
How hard did Steve Jobs work?
How did Ashton Kutcher prepare for his role as Steve Jobs in the movie Jobs (2013)?
What's so great about Steve Jobs?
What are some amazing facts about Apple?
What are some interesting facts about Steve Jobs?
What are some of the least known facts about Bill Gates or Steve Jobs?
What are facts about Steve Jobs?
What was Steve Jobs wrong about?
Do great minds like Zuckerberg, Steve Jobs, Elon Musk, Bill Gates have lazy days too?
Has Samsung, as Steve Jobs once famously stated, "slavishly copied" Apple?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
