This page may be out of date. 
Save your draft
 before refreshing this page.
Submit any pending changes before refreshing this page.
 
Hide this message
.
Quora
Sign In
 
Steve Jobs
What are some lesser known facts about Steve Jobs?
His famous speeches,quotes and interesting facts about him.
Update
Cancel
Answer Wiki
59 Answers
 
 
Siddharth Kashyap
, Engineer, Native Bangalorean, Quiz enthusiast.
Updated Apr 18, 2016
In 1985, Steve Jobs was fired as CEO and he sold all of his 1,499,099 shares in the company except one. Some might wonder he sold all the shares and just kept one. This was because he wanted to continue receiving Apple's Annual Reports to see how well the company was doing. That's how much Apple meant to him.
Steve Jobs hated buttons! And it wasn't just the buttonless iPhones, he hated buttons on his clothing too and hence stuck to his famous buttonless turtlenecks. He also got into a fight over putting buttons on the Apple mouse!
Source : 
Apple's Steve Jobs Hates Buttons
 
26.7k
 Views
 · 
773 Upvotes
Related Questions
More Answers Below
How hard did Steve Jobs work?
How did Ashton Kutcher prepare for his role as Steve Jobs in the movie Jobs (2013)?
What are some amazing facts about Apple?
Is Elon Musk the next Steve Jobs?
Who were Steve Jobs' heroes?
 
 
Subhajit Roy
, studied at Bengal Institute Of Technology, Kolkata
Answered Dec 18, 2015
What many don't know about Jobs:
In 2011, a class-action lawsuit filed by more than 64,000 Silicon Valley workers revealed that Jobs, along with the CEOs of Google, Intel and Adobe had colluded not to recruit each other's employees. That means, if you're working there at Apple, or wherever you're working, you've got another company that you might move to and take your expertise with you and earn more money at that company. They won't accept your résumé. They won't return your phone calls. Because they won't let them poach each other. The strongest evidence was E-mails of the late, great Steve Jobs.
Less than a month after Google co-founder, Sergey Brin received this threat from Jobs, Google circulated a "do not cold call" list that included Apple.
Two years later, Google tried again, and Jobs e-mailed Google CEO, Eric Schmidt to remind him of their Gentlemen’s agreement.
Schmidt placated Jobs by assuring him that the culprit would be fired within the hour.
When Jobs learned that the woman had been canned, he showed his pleasure in two efficient keystrokes.
___________________________________________
Source: 
Steve Jobs - The Man in the Machine
31.1k
 Views
 · 
648 Upvotes
Promoted by UpGrad.com
PG Certificate in Digital Marketing from MICA.
Best digital marketing program. Learn from the best in academia through real cases and live campaigns.
Apply Now at upgrad.com
 
 
Suryateja Rokkam
, No one can beat his sense of design and attention to detail
Answered Jul 1, 2016
Not sure how many of these points are mentioned.
Why Steve Jobs became a vegan
Steve Jobs was also famous for his peculiar personal habits and way of living. As described in Job’s biography by Walter Isaacson, the entrepreneur became a vegan partly because he believed his body odor would be nicer than those of omnivores. What is more, Jobs was convinced that being a vegan he didn’t need to shower as often as people who ate meat.
According to a scientific experiment, when asked to smell the armpits of men on a vegetarian diet and meat-eating ones, 95% of the women participating in the study described the body odor of vegetarians as less intense and much more ‘attractive’. Scientists explain these results with the fact that conventional eaters excrete more toxins than people who don’t consume meat which makes their body odor unpleasant.
No showers, no shoes
When Jobs worked at game-maker Atari, he was put on the night shift because of his hygiene. His authorised biographer, Walter Isaacson recalled in his biography of Steve Jobs that employees didn't want to work with him because he never bathed and would walk around the office in his bare feet.
Licence plates are for losers
Jobs drove a Mercedes SL55 AMG and managed to keep a licence plate off it for years due to a loophole in California vehicle laws.
Anyone in California has a maximum of six months after the issuing of a plate number to put a licence plate on a new car. Jobs changed cars every six months to a new, identical model so he could keep the plates off. No real reason for this has ever been revealed, other than Jobs' desire to live the "Think Different" motto.
His obsession with quality and paying attention to minute details
In the biography of Jobs, Walter Isaacson reveals the likely source of this focus on craftsmanship is Jobs adoptive father, Paul Jobs.
'The chairman's special parking spot'
Speaking of his Benz, Jobs also routinely parked in the handicap parking spot. Apple veteran Andy Herzfield wrote on his website Folklore: "He seemed to think the blue wheelchair symbol meant it was reserved for the chairman."
Toilet time
One of Jobs' go-to stress relievers during Apple's early days was to soak his bare feet in the company toilets, according to his biography
The Lisa mystery
The Lisa, a personal computer designed by Apple during the 1980s, was named after Jobs' then-estranged daughter, Lisa Nicole Brennan, whose paternity Jobs denied for years, claiming he was sterile.
Although Jobs eventually confirmed the source of the PC's name to his biographer - "Obviously it was named [after] my daughter," he said - Apple's marketing team initially reverse engineered an acronym to fit the computer's name, saying it stood for Local Integrated System Architecture.
Privately, some software developers used Lisa: Invented Stupid Acronym while computer industry pundits jokingly referred to it as Let's Invent Some Acronym.
The lowest salary at Apple
Jobs had an annual salary of 1$ for over a decade. This isn't unheard of in the CEO world: Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin and Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg have all followed suit with a $1-a-year salary.
With 5.5 million shares in Apple stock valued around $377 each in 2011, it's safe to say he probably wasn't missing the salary too much.
Jobs joked in 2007 "I get 50 cents a year for showing up, and the other 50 cents is based on my performance."
The importance of good design
In 2009, Jobs was recovering from a liver transplant and pneumonia. According to his biography, the pulmonologist tried to put a mask over his face when he was deeply sedated. Jobs ripped it off and mumbled that he hated the design of the mask and refused to wear it.
Although barely able to speak, he ordered them to bring him five different options for the mask so that he could pick a design he liked
The great persuader
When Jobs was in eighth grade (Year 9 in UK terms), Jobs decided to build a frequency counter for a school project and needed parts. Someone suggested that he up call Bill Hewlett, HP's cofounder.
After finding a William Hewlett in the telephone book, Jobs called and asked, "Is this the Bill Hewlett of Hewlett-Packard?" Several days later, Jobs went to HP and picked up a bag full of parts that Hewlett had put together for him. He was then offered an internship for that summer. He was 12 years old.
Early days
In 1972, Jobs and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak took $3/hr jobs at the Westgate Mall in San Jose, California, where they had to dress up as 
Alice in Wonderland
 characters
Back when he worked at Atari, Jobs gipped Woz out of a big bonus.
Jobs was reportedly offered $750 for his development work on the popular game Break-Out, with the possibility of an extra $100 for each chip eliminated from the game's final design. He recruited Woz help him with the challenge. Together, they managed to whittle the prototype's design down so much that Atari paid out a $5,000 bonus - but Jobs kept the bonus for himself, and paid his unsuspecting friend only $375, according to Woz's own autobiography.
Source:
Did You Know That Steve Jobs Became A Vegan Because He Believed The Diet Would Eliminate The Need To…
The 14 strangest Steve Jobs stories
Steve Jobs: The Exclusive Biography Author: Walter Isaacson
3.2k
 Views
 · 
29 Upvotes
More
Related Questions
How tall is Steve Jobs?
What was Steve Jobs wrong about?
What are some interesting facts about Steve Jobs?
What is a fact that is rarely known among Steve Jobs and Bill Gates?
What did Steve Jobs do for fun? Did he have a hobby?
What are the facts one should know about the Bill Gates - Steve jobs rivalry?
Did Steve Jobs smoke marijuana? If so, why?
Has Samsung, as Steve Jobs once famously stated, "slavishly copied" Apple?
Did Steve Jobs believe in God?
Did Steve Jobs actually invent or was he just a great marketing genius?
Related Questions
How hard did Steve Jobs work?
How did Ashton Kutcher prepare for his role as Steve Jobs in the movie Jobs (2013)?
What are some amazing facts about Apple?
Is Elon Musk the next Steve Jobs?
Who were Steve Jobs' heroes?
How tall is Steve Jobs?
What was Steve Jobs wrong about?
What are some interesting facts about Steve Jobs?
What is a fact that is rarely known among Steve Jobs and Bill Gates?
What did Steve Jobs do for fun? Did he have a hobby?
Sitemap:
#
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
About
 · 
Careers
 · 
Privacy
 · 
Terms
 · 
Contact
